README.md, before:

This is a [Next.js](https://nextjs.org) project bootstrapped with [`create-next-app`](https://github.com/vercel/next.js/tree/canary/packages/create-next-app).

## Getting Started

First, run the development server:

```bash
npm run dev
# or
yarn dev
# or
pnpm dev
# or
bun dev
```

Open [http://localhost:3000](http://localhost:3000) with your browser to see the result.

You can start editing the page by modifying `app/page.js`. The page auto-updates as you edit the file.

This project uses [`next/font`](https://nextjs.org/docs/app/building-your-application/optimizing/fonts) to automatically optimize and load [Geist](https://vercel.com/font), a new font family for Vercel.

## Learn More

To learn more about Next.js, take a look at the following resources:

- [Next.js Documentation](https://nextjs.org/docs) - learn about Next.js features and API.
- [Learn Next.js](https://nextjs.org/learn) - an interactive Next.js tutorial.

You can check out [the Next.js GitHub repository](https://github.com/vercel/next.js) - your feedback and contributions are welcome!

## Deploy on Vercel

The easiest way to deploy your Next.js app is to use the [Vercel Platform](https://vercel.com/new?utm_medium=default-template&filter=next.js&utm_source=create-next-app&utm_campaign=create-next-app-readme) from the creators of Next.js.

Check out our [Next.js deployment documentation](https://nextjs.org/docs/app/building-your-application/deploying) for more details.

Commit message:

UX Updates & Polishing. Everything is working and in order.

README.md, after:

# iBean POS and Management System

A modern, web-based POS and management system for iBean coffee shops.

## Features

* Point of Sale (POS) for taking orders and managing customer payments
* Sales analysis and reporting for tracking sales trends and identifying areas for improvement
* Customer management for tracking customer loyalty and rewards
* Staff management for tracking staff performance and providing training recommendations
* Voucher management for tracking and redeeming customer vouchers
* Troubleshooting guide for common issues and solutions

## Screenshots



## Installation

1. Clone the repository: `git clone https://github.com/beanthere/ibean.git`
2. Install dependencies: `npm install`
3. Start the app: `npm start`

## Configuration

The app requires a Firebase Realtime Database instance to store data. You can create a new instance or use an existing one.

To configure the app to use your Firebase Realtime Database instance, create a file called `firebaseConfig.js` in the root of the project with the following contents:
